NGINX App Protect 5.7 / 4.15 Release (#571)
nginx/documentation: content/includes/nap-waf/config/common/ip-intelligence-conf.md

> NGINX App Protect WAF supports IP Intelligence feature, which allows customizing the enforcement based on the source IP of the request to limit access from IP addresses with questionable reputation. Please note that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NGINX App Protect WAF provides an IP Intelligence feature, which allows customizing the enforcement based on the source IP of the request to limit access from IP addresses with questionable reputation. Please note that:
```

                    "block": true
                },
                {
                    "category": "Phishing Proxies",
                    "alarm": true,
                    "block": true
                },
                {
                    "category": "Scanners",
                    "alarm": true,
                    "block": true
                },
                {
                    "category": "Spam Sources",
                    "alarm": true,
                    "block": true
                },
                {
                    "category": "Tor Proxies",
                    "alarm": true,
                    "block": true
                },
                {
                    "category": "Web Attacks",
                    "alarm": true,
                    "block": true
                },
                {
                    "category": "Windows Exploits",
                    "alarm": true,
                    "block": true
                }
            ]
        }
    }
}
```

This policy will basically block `"block": true` all IP addresses that are part of any threat category and add a log entry `"alarm": true` for the transaction.

> The IP address database is managed by an external provider and is constantly updated (every 1 minute by default). The database also categorizes IP addresses into one or more threat categories. These are the same categories that can be configured individually in the IP intelligence section:

Reviewer 2: yes, user can configure it(on the client configuration file) iprepd.cfg
